a8n: Ensure we run campaign jobs as the user that created the plan (#7926)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: CHANGELOG.md

- All repository fields related to `enabled` and `disabled` have been removed from the GraphQL API. These fields have been deprecated since 3.4. [#3971](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/3971)

## 3.12.1

## Fixed

> - Regex search/replace will work in private repositories [#7914](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/issues/7914)

Reviewer: Regex search/replace is not part of 3.12, so it was never broken in there. How about this?

```suggestion
- A regression in 3.12.0 which caused [Automation campaigns to find leaked credentials](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/user/automation#finding-leaked-credentials) to not return any results for private repositories. [#7914](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/issues
```

(I often look at past `CHANGELOG` entries to see how to formulate these entries)

> - A regression in 3.12.0 which caused [Automation campaigns that find leaked credentials](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/user/automation#finding-leaked-credentials) to not return any results for private repositories. [#7914](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/issues/7914)

Reviewer: Rereading this, I wonder whether this isn't clearer:

```suggestion
- A regression in 3.12.0 which caused [Automation find-leaked-credentials campaigns](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/user/automation#finding-leaked-credentials) to not return any results for private repositories. [#7914](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/issues/7914)
```
